So these are some choices of open source products that we can have.
There are more products, but these are some popular choices.
Let's first start with log agent and log collector to log agents, responsibility is to transfer logs
to a log collector.
And these logging inside installed on the machine.
So we can either have flu India over there, we can have log status light, and we can also delegate
this job to Docker containers or Docker containers, they provide a driver which can transfer these
log files, which are coming on Docker standard output.
It can transfer that standard output to fluent the log collector so that fluently and Docker.
There is an integration that is already in place and work that integration does is it eliminates the
need for installing agent on each machine.
If all are components, they are Docker ized.
If they're Docker containers, then we can make use of this Docker driver.
There's a log agent, so that's a big convenience for us.
If we can somehow use glue and then we will not have to install agent on our containers and that will
be a big convenience for us.
So this is a compelling reason for us to consider fluidity over logs.
Dash.
Now, if you look at fluent in lockstep there, they are both good products, and the advantage of Lock
Stash is that it is part of Evilkiss Tech E for ElasticSearch Alpha Log, Stash and give or given up.
So they all work seamlessly, so that's a big plus for large stash.
But if you look at blue deep, it has also very good integration to ElasticSearch and they're absolutely
no issues.
So that advantage of log stash that it is part of ElasticSearch stack really doesn't stand that much.
So the benefit that we are getting by using fluently as a local actor along with Docker Driver is logging
in.
That's a very compelling case for using Fluent Log Collector.
So we are going to use fluently as a log collector.
Now this local actor can transform our logs, it can pass them, it can.
We can filter our logs and we can do various stuff.
And once we have done that, we can actually store that log and do a log storage now from our log storage.
We expect that these storage should be permanent so that even databases qualify for logs, storage or
database has a problem.
The fact that databases are not only used for read and write of data, but also to modify data so they
come with the overhead of managing transactions.
But in case of log storage, we do not have any requirement of modifying data.
We only want to read data.
So the overhead of writing data and transactions is something which is not good for us, and that is
going to impede the performance of our storage because these logs will come at a very high volume.
We want a storage which can store the logs or the log records at a very high throughput.
So our teams are not a suitable choice for providing a very high rate throughput.
So ElasticSearch and Solr, which are search engines, they are pretty suitable for this purpose because
the way they are designed for storing data that is not mutable and we can very quickly search any data
through ElasticSearch and solar now between ElasticSearch and solar.
These are two popular products, but ElasticSearch has become immensely popular, so I have chosen ElasticSearch
over Soledad.
But if you look at ElasticSearch and solar, they are based on Sam Lucene engine, so their inner working
is pretty much the same.
The core is in the way they manage the cluster and all that stuff.
How do they manage multiple instances that BYOD is going to be different and that is where the differences
can be.
Nevertheless, because ElasticSearch is so popular and so that is not that popular, ElasticSearch is
our choice.
Now, once we have decided to work with ElasticSearch and fluently, the major decision for us is salt
because these are sort of functional components in our system.
This is where we are going to do a lot of configuration.
Now did the last part that we need is logging another tech spot and we need that because we want a proper
UI to analyze the logs.
So let's say if you have an IBM as you have a choice of working with just skin.
But if you're working with a school, will have to write queries and we will have to be working to a
command line interface which will not present any other boards.
But we want capability more than that.
We want something which can create those queries for us and can also provide us reports.
So as far as open source goes, we have popular choices over here.
Like Kibwana and Gryffindor, Splunk is another popular tool.
But there will be license requirement for Splunk.
So what we are going to use over here is Cabana.
And if you want to add grandfather to it, I have tried that.
It's perfectly fine.
It can be easily integrated, but as we are not going to do too much of analytics, Cabana is just fine
for our purpose.
So our tech choice will be cabana ElasticSearch fluently along with Docker driver as I'm logging.